honest trailer from director christopher
nolana thanks to which fanboy riser
from whatever he touches is coming
austere sequel to the story of batman and
his never-ending fight with cancer of the throat he
I have only one rule
I do not wear hockey protection he should
be friends
then you should know where he is for you forever
put the dark knight in the nuthouse
a city where, fortunately, there are extremely many
school buses present to you
new realistic visions of the saga about
batman who gets rid of stupid
under the nipple for no
realistic new stuff like
bed of the sharp flexor lift without
armor that withstands falling from
any height
but sucks against bullets and bad device
who don't understand how to turn cell
years ago sonar and load countless
the amount of data is immediately transmitted by
wireless eye batman
how is it possible i have five minutes
go to download Engri Birds
limp guard who is deep
on multi-million dollar losses and damage
private property joker cooked
batman the unprecedented test he put
and two different hostages in two different
places to which for some reason is not Batman
no one but there is a cop
gotham city departments are not capable
get at the same time which
just bursting with no subtle hint and you
dying a hero or living until then
until you become a villain it helps
get used to turning horner villains
that did not seem to matter because
what time is it for the hero who takes over
blame for the death of the savior for the good of the city
i killed those people no you are not that you are not
knife work as you can
wait a second why it was impossible to just
blame everything on tokyo
drenched people pointless doing batman
the villain in the roles
smelled snapping doll sister jackie
elk spoiled arman us grow griswold
and wart eyes now try it
never notice the dark knight
and whom we cheat floors strong cinema